Hello, Scholarship Award Committee of the Rochester Engineering Society

My name is Ryan Vogt, i am a third year undergraduate student at Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester,NY. I major in both Computer Science as well as Applied Mathematics. These areas of study interest me quite a bit. The majority of my knowledge lies in the theory behind numeric and analytical solutions to both systems of Partial Differential equations, as well as singular systems of Partial Differential Equations. I use my background in both Computer Science as well as Mathematics to solve problems related to Partial Differential equations to better understand Fluid Mechanics, as well as Electrostatics. I have created numeric algorithms in order to approximate solutions to these Partial Differential Equations and have written them myself in programming languages such as Fortran,C, and Python based on computational interests. My interest is to apply the knowledge i have gained in both these fields to further understanding specifically in unifying the theory behind fluids mechanics and electrostatic interactions between protein interaction in ionic solution to better understand how biological systems. 
	As time as progressed, college has increasingly become more expensive for students like myself who want to purse advanced knowledge to solve real problems in our world. Specifically in the area of Science and Mathematics. As a result of this, i fear that i  would not be able to afford taking advanced courses that i think would be beneficial in order to gain more of a perspective that could help me obtained more results for science. I wanted to take additional coursework in quantum mechanics, theory of electricity and magnetism, as well as artificial intelligence. However without help, i would not be able to afford to go after such opportunities due to the possibility of financial ruin.
	Currently as an undergraduate i have taken 4 graduate level classes, as well as been assigned to be a TA for course in the Math department at the Rochester Institute of Technology for 4 courses. Which is uncommon, especially due to the fact that TA positions are reserved for graduate students, yet i only have undergraduate status. I am involved in research with multiple professors at the university working on problems both that are for pure mathematics, in addition to those that have direct applications to engineering such as my work in electrostatics.  
	My plan is that if this scholarship is rewarded to me, that i will use it entirely for fall semester tuition so i can take the courses i mentioned above and perhaps based on the amount that is rewarded dilute the financial burden that is put on me for pursing my interests Science and Technology.  

I thank the committee for taking the time to read my letter.
