		Computer Science for Transfers
		Lab 1 - Activity 3 - Questions	 

Your Name:		Ryan Vogt

UNIX QUESTIONS 

QUESTION 1: Describe two ways that you can log off the system.

Answer: Exit and Logout

QUESTION 2: Name one thing that you should never do with your password.

Answer: Share it with other people

QUESTION 3: How can you iconify a window?

Answer: Minimize the window

QUESTION 4: What command would you use to determine the current working
directory?

Answer: pwd

QUESTION 5: How do you access the online Unix manual?  Using the Unix
online manual find out what the cmp command does.  Give an example
of how you would use cmp.

Answer: Using the man commannd. The cmp command would be used to see if two files are the same such if you wanted to see if you had multiple instance of one file in a directory, then you would use this command

QUESTION 6: What command would you use to find out the current time and
date on a Unix system?

Answer: date 

QUESTION 7: Here is a filename pattern which includes some wildcards:

	ab?

Which of the file names in the list below does this pattern match?

	Abc		abc		barb-calc	storage-a.c
	a_b		abcabc		abaara		ab?bc

Answer: abc

QUESTION 8: Using the same set of file names from the previous
questions, which names would match for the pattern
	ab*

Answer: abc,abcabc,abaara,ab?bc

QUESTION 9: Suppose you run a long listing (ls -l) on a file
and see the following permissions:

	-rwxr--r--   1 csx          4841 Jul 24 09:56 index.html


Who can read the file? 
Answer: everybody on the system

Who can write to the file?
Answer: only owner of file

Who can execute the file?
Answer: only owner of the file
Is this a file or a directory?
Answer: file

QUESTION 10: Suppose when you log in you get a message saying that you
are over your quota for disk file storage, and must delete some files.
What command would you use to find the directory in your account whose
files occupy the most space?  Note:  The answer is NOT ls or
quota!

Answer: du .
